I am rachaelandersen an instructor in
apparel design and manufacturing and a
college of human sciences and I am here
to answer your fashion questions
some wonderful key pieces are a straw
fedora to add to your accessories list
pleated skirt either in a short length
or a long length along maxi skirt which
is a throwback to your 70s long maxi
styles a boyfriend jacket with the
rolled-up sleeves coming back to the
80's boyfriend jacket we used to wear
and a bold pop color like a primary
color red or yellow or green day dress
to spruce up your day look the shoes
that are shown this year or still the
bold top colors and the infamous round
toe platform shoe but I think the best
ones are going to be metallics and gold
and silver and any sort of sheer
transparent to either flat or a heel
the hottest colors this friggin summer
forecasted from companies in Paris and
New York City the number one color this
year is tangerine tango and it's a very
bright kind of acid tangerine color
shocking pink is also big like the scarf
I have are on acid yellow electric blue
just really super strong colors of going
back to the 80s they can be mixed with
soft pastels white denim or khaki
whether it's a small bag a handheld bag
or an over-the-shoulder the shape isn't
very important this year mostly what's
important is the color a bold print a
floral a polkadot snake skin is really
big so mixing snakeskin in one bag with
canvas or leather or suede is a huge
trend the understated bag this year is
not the way to go it's definitely all
about a statement bag
floral prints are absolutely in style
for spring and summer the Paris runways
and New York runway shows were full of
floral print floral prints mixed with
polka dots floral prints and bold colors
huge florals and one of the huge trends
out of Europe this year is going to be
printed floral denim
some spring nail treads are they're
turning away from the bold bright colors
and the different patterns on the nails
and all of that fun stuff that we've
seen for the past year and moving on
into soft neutrals beiges news soft
pastels the color that is showing up is
red and some hot pinks so there's some
wonderful feminine colors for the nails
for spring